All right, let's get started.
So my name is Max Muller.
I run the Digital Supply
Chain Engineering group,
responsible for iBooks, iTunes,
as well as the app stores.
It's my group's responsibility
for building the infrastructure
so that you can get your great
applications onto the app store.
Now, before we begin,
I would like to first welcome
our Mac OS X developers.
We launched the
Mac App Store this past January,
and since then it has now
grown into be the largest
Mac software store in the world.
Now in years past when
we've done this session,
we've always started with the basics.
We've looked at how do
you set up an account?
How do you publish an
application for the first time?
Well, we now have over 425,000
apps live on the app store,
so we're gonna assume that
this audience is already fairly
familiar with the basics.
If, however,
you would like to review the basics,
I'm gonna refer you to
last year's session,
which is session 310,
which is App Publishing
with iTunes Connect.
You can get to it on
developer.apple.com/videos.
So with the training wheels off,
let's look at what we're
going to cover today.
First, we're going to go over what is new
or updated related to contracts,
Game Center, in-app purchases,
App Review Resolution Center,
iTunes Connect Mobile,
as well as Application Loader.
Then in the second half of the session,
we're going to look at how you enable
your application to take advantage
of the new features of iCloud,
as well as Newsstand.
And finally,
we'll wrap it up with some best
practices and common pitfalls.
So dive in right in.
First up is contracts.
On Monday, we updated the iOS
program license agreement.
This added support for the
iOS 5 features for iCloud,
as well as Newsstand.
Monday, we also updated the
Mac Developer Program License Agreement,
set it support for push notifications,
iCloud Storage,
We also updated the
Mac OS X Schedule 2 agreement to
add support for in-app purchases.
If you'd like to enable your
Mac applications to take
advantage of in-app purchases,
you need to log in to iTunes Connect,
select the Contracts tab,
and agree to the new
Schedule 2 agreement.
And that's it for contracts.
Next up is Game Center.
Game Center was introduced in iOS 4.
In the last nine months,
we now have over 50 million users.
It has been an absolute home run.
So we have two things we wanted to
mention to you about Game Center today.
The first are leaderboard icons.
This allows you, the developer, to
to provide icons for each
of your leaderboards.
The image must be a 512 by 512
image in the standard JPEG,
TIFF, or PNG format.
You can provide a different leaderboard
icon for each of your localizations.
and your leaderboard icons will start
to show up in iOS 5 Gain Center.
This is what it looks like
to add a leaderboard icon to
one of your localizations.
And here,
we now list all of your icons for all
the localizations of a given leaderboard.
This is what it's going to
look like on the device.
It's on the left-hand side here.
We'll now display all of your
icons for the localization.
It's being displayed.
Next up for Game Center are min and
max values for your leaderboards.
This allows you, the developer,
to control the limits on leaderboards.
Helps prevent the gaming
of leaderboard scores.
Scores that are submitted outside
of the range that you've specified
will automatically be deleted
and not counted in a leaderboard.
And again, the min and max values must
be assigned 64-bit integer.
Looking at this in terms of
when I set up a leaderboard,
I now have the option to
specify a score format.
Here I've set up my
level one leaderboard,
and I've specified I had
a range of zero to 1,000.
Any leaderboard scores that
are submitted outside of that
range will not be included.
And that's it for Game Center.
Next up is in-app purchases.
We added in-app purchases to iOS 3.0.
In the past two years,
in-app has grown to represent a
significant portion of the revenue
that our developer community generates.
If you look at the top grossing
applications on the App Store today,
of the top 25 applications,
14 of them are free and generating
all of the revenue through
the use of in-app purchases.
With that in mind,
we have significantly overhauled
the iTunes Connect workflow
for managing in-app purchases.
We've improved the layout,
added searching.
We've streamlined the sign-off process,
the developer approval process.
And finally,
for those of you dealing with
large numbers of in-app purchases,
we've given you the
option for a mass submit.
To get to all of your in-app purchases,
you now need to go through your
application and click on the
Manage In-App Purchases link
on the upper right-hand corner.
Here you see we've now streamlined the
addition and removal of localizations.
So I was giving you a one button
submit when inspecting a single in-app
purchase item to submit it for review.
And for those of you that have lots of
in-app purchases for a given application,
I'll give you a simple list
page here where you can search
inside your in-app purchases,
sort them, as well as select given items,
and with one click, submit all of the
selected items for review.
Next up on in-app is our
auto-renewable in-app purchase type.
We launched this a few
months back with the daily,
which enables you to add
full subscription support
to your applications.
iTunes automatically handles all of the
subscription renewal management for you.
And we built a nice interface
in iTunes as well as on iOS.
We allow a customer to see all
of the subscriptions that they
currently have outstanding.
We also allow them to move between
the different subscription durations.
They'd like to move from
a one month to a one year,
or be down to a one week subscription,
or to opt out of any of their
subscriptions at any point.
The duration options that
you have are seven days,
one month, two months, three months,
six months, and a year.
And right now,
the auto-renewable subscriptions
are only available on iOS.
A few other things to point out
about auto-renewable subscriptions.
One is that it is your responsibility
for checking the receipts that come
back through the StoreKit API for
determining if a subscription is valid.
When checking a receipt for an
auto-renewable subscription,
you'll be using a shared secret
that you generate in iTunes Connect.
You'll pass that shared secret
along with the receipt to
our servers for validation.
Also, if you are a publication,
we offer the option for a
customer to opt in to share their
contact information with you.
If you choose, you can also offer a
marketing opt-in incentive.
What this is,
is this is an additional bonus duration
on the first subscription period,
that you can offer to a user to
incentivize them to share their
contact information with you.
For instance,
if you set up a one-year subscription,
you might set up a three-month
marketing opt-in incentive.
What this means is on the first
time the customer purchases and
chooses to subscribe to the one year,
they would actually be getting 15 months,
and after that point,
the renewal would happen
on a 12-month basis.
A few other things to point out about
the marketing opt-in incentive is that
it's your responsibility for displaying
the information about the marketing
incentive in your application UI.
As part of the store kit
dialogues that come up for
subscribing to a subscription,
we do not mention the
marketing opt-in incentive.
Also, if your application is collecting
or has the option of collecting
personal contact information,
we do require that you specify
a publisher's privacy URL,
which is going to be shown
on the customer's invoice.
So what it looks like to
add a new auto-renewing
subscription to your application,
you're going to log in to iTunes Connect,
click on the Manage In-App Items,
and Add a New In-App Item.
For this, we will now select the
Auto-Renew subscription.
Now, the first part you're setting up
is the family of your subscription.
The reference name at the top,
in this case,
is the Touch Fighter Strategy Guide.
We'll provide the different localizations
for what the subscription is.
At the bottom part here,
we'll actually be setting
up the different durations.
It's important because these different
durations are the actual in-app items.
In this case, we set up a seven-day
and a one-month item.
Each one of them have their
own product identifiers.
We make a store kit call in
to get the available products.
In this case, we're going to be getting
back exactly two products.
Here's what it looks like when looking
at inspecting our one month duration.
In this case,
we have chosen to offer marketing
opt-in incentive of seven days.
And again, when setting up our
item for the first time,
we're going to be asked to
provide a privacy policy URL.
For validating receipts,
you'll also be asked to
generate a shared secret.
Note the same shared secret can
be used to validate all receipts
within a given developer account.
You have multiple applications that are
all taking advantage of auto-renewing
receipts or the auto-renewing in-app.
You only need one shared secret
to validate all those receipts.
And finally,
here's what it looks like on the iPad.
In this case,
you can see that they have set
up within the same subscription
family two durations,
a seven day as well as a one year.
They chose to offer
more duration options.
They would all be listed here.
Note that the user can move
between any of those different
subscription price points or turn
off the auto renew at any point.
And now to give us a demo of the new
in-app purchase setup in iTunes Connect,
I'd like to bring up Aloke.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Aloke Bhatnagar,
and I'm the engineering
manager for iTunes Connect.
As Max mentioned,
we made quite a few changes in
the in-app purchase workflow,
and I'd like to walk you
through some of those.
So let's sign into iTunes Connect.
One of the first things that you'll
notice is that the Manage In-App Purchase
module has gone from the home page.
We wanted to offer you a single,
streamlined way of managing
your in-app purchases.
And the way to do that is to
go to Manage Your Applications.
And you can either search
for your applications.
By the way, if you haven't noticed yet,
we've added search as your
type for your application,
for those of you who have large catalogs.
Or you can click on your application
from your recent activity list.
You click on the blue Manage
In-App Purchase button,
and you're brought to a listing of
current in-app purchases on this screen.
Again,
you can search as you type over here.
It doesn't have to be the
beginning of the string.
You can search for substrings.
And again, as Max mentioned,
for those of you who have
large in-app purchase catalogs,
we've allowed you to mass submit now.
You can do that either by
checking the boxes over here
and hit Submit for review.
Or you can use the Select All and
Deselect All buttons as you please.
To be able to inspect an in-app purchase,
you can click on one of them.
And you can either submit
from review from here.
We can edit various pieces
of the in-app purchase,
like the reference name.
We can add a new localization.
Edit an existing localization.
Change the pricing.
And this one already has a screenshot,
so we can go ahead and change
the screenshot if necessary.
Now, Max mentioned that we've recently
added auto renewables as an
option for all developers.
The first step you'd have to use to use
auto renewables is to be generating a
shared secret for a seat validation.
So you click on that
link and click Generate.
There you go.
The shared secret is generated for you,
and you can use that in
your receipt validation.
So let's go ahead and
create a new auto-renewable.
Create new.
Choose Auto Renewable Subscription.
Add in a reference name.
So for this, I'm adding a game strategy
guide for Touch Fighter.
Add a localization.
Just going to add the English for now.
Let's save.
And we need to add durations.
Select duration.
For now, let's just choose one month.
Add in a product ID.
You can choose to offer a
marketing opt-in incentive.
If you choose yes,
you get an incentive duration,
which is a function of the
duration that you chose earlier.
And then you have the standard cleared
for sale and the price tier buttons.
That's price at tier one right now.
Click Save.
Oops.
Let me make the product ID a
little more descriptive.
So as you can see, we've added this in
our purchase over here.
Let's go ahead and add another duration.
Say one year.
offer a marketing opt-in incentive.
Now you can see the incentive
duration options changed because
I had a different duration up above.
Select a price tier.
Let's save over here.
And you can see it added two
in-app purchases over here
with the options I chose.
When you create an in-app purchase,
it goes into waiting for
screenshot initially.
Now let's assume that I've
gone and tested all these
in-app purchases in Sandbox.
Let's go ahead and hit Save and
add the screenshot later.
So as Max mentioned,
each duration contributes
to one in-app purchase.
And you can see it's created
two in-app purchases,
one for one month and one for one year.
If I wanted to change anything,
I could just click Edit as I did before,
or I could hit Delete to delete an in-app
purchase that I didn't want anymore.
And with that, I hand it back to Max.
All right, thank you, Aloke.
All right, every year we try to make the
app review process smoother,
more transparent,
and give you more information if your
application happens to get stuck.
With that in mind,
this last year we've introduced
the App Review Resolution Center.
This allows for centralized access
to all rejection information.
Also allows Apple to provide you
screenshots or stack traces of
your application that hit a problem
as part of the review process.
This allows you, the developer,
also to give the app review team
back information on any issues
that they have highlighted.
And it also gives you a nice central
view where you have an entire
history of your app version's issues
that can be reviewed at any time.
Now to get to the app
review resolution center,
and again this should not be a
goal for anybody in the audience,
but in case you have seen,
in case an update of
yours does get rejected,
at that point the resolution
center link will appear at the top.
Click on the resolution link.
We'll take you in to an entire
version history for every single
binary that has been uploaded.
In this case,
we uploaded a binary on June 6.
It looks like it crashed as
part of the app review process.
And the app review team has provided
us with some notes for essentially what
happened when they triggered the crash,
as well as providing a stack trace.
Now once we've corrected this issue,
then I can upload a binary and log back
into the resolution center and provide
feedback back to the app review team.
In this case,
it looks like we've corrected the bug,
performed some clean unit tests,
and resubmitted the binary for review.
Now all of this information will then
travel back to the app review team
and be ready for them once they start
to review the new updated binary.
Next up is iTunes Connect Mobile.
We released iTunes
Connect Mobile last year at WWDC.
Since then, we released a 1.1 version,
which added iPad support.
And last week,
we released an iTunes Connect Mobile 1.2,
which added push notification support.
This enables you to get push alerts
for any app state transitions,
so when your app moves to ready for
sale or pending developer release,
or in the unfortunate case,
if you need to visit the
App Review Resolution Center.
To look at it,
this is what getting a push
notification for a state
transition looks like on the iPad.
Here, the app is now ready for sale.
If you haven't downloaded
iTunes Connect mobile yet,
you can log into iTunes Connect,
and there's a link at
the bottom of the page.
That's it for application.
Next up is Application Loader.
Application Loader ships
as part of the Xcode suite.
It's found in the Utilities folder,
and it's one way that you can use to
deliver your binaries to App Review.
Now, one of the pieces of feedback that
we've heard from all of our developers
is that the creation of many in-app
items within iTunes Connect is a rather
time-consuming and laborious activity.
So with that in mind,
we've created a new in-app
purchase metadata workflow
right in Application Loader.
This enables you to mass import in-app
purchase items from a tab-delimited file.
And once you have all of them ready,
you can then either submit
them ad hoc or with a binary.
And this version of
Application Loader is coming for
iOS and OS X later on in the fall.
Here's what the new login page
looks like for Application Loader.
Here's what the new home page looks like.
And again, if you were to regularly
deliver a binary,
this would be the Deliver Your App link.
However,
you can now create a new package.
And here we'll now select
Create New in App Packages.
Here will be now displayed
all of your applications,
as well as the number of in-app
items that they currently have.
You'll select the application that
you wish to add in-app items to.
Once you have imported in all of
your in-app items from a file,
or created them in the
workflow interface,
they'll all be displayed here.
You can inspect them,
make any changes you want,
and with one click,
submit them for review.
What I'd like to do now is bring
up Jason Fozback to give you a
demo of the new application loader.
Jason?
- Morning everyone.
Just gonna give you a quick preview
here of what we've been working
on here for a while for the new
version of Application Loader.
So this is what Max was just showing you,
the new landing page for
Application Loader when you launch it.
And you can see there's a
Deliver Your App button here.
So for those of you that have
uploaded applications in the past,
this will look very familiar to you.
So we've also added this new feature,
which is to create a new package.
This will allow you to--
Manage your in-app purchases
from an existing app.
In other words,
load them into this tool so
you can work on them offline.
Manage the screenshots,
change the pricing in mass,
whatever you want to do.
But we've also added this feature here,
which is new from file.
So we support creating a bunch of in-app
purchases from a tab-delimited file.
So you can use a workflow
to generate those yourself,
or for example, you can use numbers,
or any other spreadsheet.
Anything that will write a
tab-delimited file will work.
So this is a quick example here
of what this might look like.
You can have all of your information
here in the tab-delimited file.
The reference name, what type it is,
cleared for sale.
You can specify the pricing.
We even allow you to do your
localizations right here within the file.
So that's an example of
what that looks like.
So let's go ahead and walk through that.
Click on New from File here
within Application Loader.
Click on that tab delimited file,
and open it.
So you see this editor comes up,
which allows you to see
what you just imported.
You can look at all the different things.
You can ad hoc edit them
here within the tool.
We support unlimited undo and redo.
Pricing will allow you to edit
your pricing here within the tool.
For those of you that do a lot of
pricing work within iTunes Connect,
this should look very familiar to you.
and we'll allow you to
edit your languages.
So for example,
if I wanted to add Italian,
I could go ahead and click there,
add some information here.
Or, realizing I don't speak Italian,
oops, I can undo that.
And then,
as you're in the process of editing,
and you make a mistake potentially,
When you go here to the delivery pane,
we'll actually detect
that something is wrong.
You can double click on that error,
and we'll drill you right
down in the user interface
of where that problem exists.
So I'll go ahead and undo that.
And one of the other things that's really
convenient here is if you have thousands
of in-app purchases potentially,
and you need to match up the screenshots
with all of those in-app purchases,
you can hit this single button here.
And if you name your screenshots
with your product identifier,
in one shot,
you can go ahead and either select
a bunch of those all at once,
or just select a directory
of those screenshots.
And we'll go ahead and match those up
with one quick operation in the tool.
And then you can go ahead and
send that to us up on the store.
With that, I'll go ahead and turn
it back over to Max.
Thank you, Jason.
So again, coming later on this fall,
watch for that.
Now what I'd like to do is to turn it
over to Ricardo Cortes to walk us through
some of the new iOS and Lion features.
Ricardo?
Thank you, Max.
Five and Lion features
iCloud Storage and Newsstand.
iCloud Storage, introduced at the keynote
earlier this week,
is new for iOS 5 and Lion.
It enables cloud storage
of app document data.
There are two types of cloud
storage within your apps.
There's documents and key value data.
They work across iOS and OS X apps.
For example, if I have Touch Fighter,
an OS X app on the desktop,
and I have Touch Fighter Mobile,
these apps can share a single document
space or a single QValue Datastore.
In terms of setup and configuration,
you first need to enable cloud
storage in the iOS developer portal.
And there are two new
relevant entitlements,
one for documents and
one for key value data.
For documents, we have Calm, Apple,
Developer, Ubiquiti,
Container identifiers.
And for key value data, Calm, Apple,
Developer, Ubiquiti, KB Store identifier.
Both are governed by the
provisioning profile.
It's important to note,
you can implement one or the other,
either documents, key value data,
or none of them.
You enter the entitlements and
values in your entitlements.plist,
and each of them is
prefixed with a team ID,
which is also available in
the iOS developer portal.
An example for document storage of
these new entitlement key values.
For the Ubiquiti container identifiers,
this denotes the identifiers
used by related apps to write to
the same document storage space.
And it's also important to note
that these are identifiers that
are only from the same developer.
You can't use your friends'
or your buddies' identifiers.
An example below,
you see I have COM Cyber Interactive
Touch Fighter OS X for
my desktop version,
as well as COM Cyber Interactive
Touch Fighter Lite.
Both of them prefixed by the team ID.
The presence of both of these
identifiers then allows both of them
to write to a single document store.
With key value data,
there's one identifier there.
This identifier is used to access
the default iCloud key value store.
Again, the value for the identifier is
prefixed by the team ID available
in iOS developer portal.
Here I have com, cyber interactive,
touch fighter, store.
In terms of document storage,
there's one new Info.plist key.
This is the NS Ubiquitous Display Set.
This defines a logical grouping
for iCloud's storage display
purposes in the Settings pane.
We'll see a screenshot of this in a
second that'll really drive it home.
These must match display sets that
are configured in iTunes Connect.
These are new controls
being added for iCloud.
And we recommend reverse domain syntax.
So for example, com/apple/iwork/keynote
for iOS and for OS X.
Here's what the management page
for document storage looks like.
You can see I have Keynote at the bottom,
numbers and pages, and Keynote for iOS,
say for example, and OS X are sharing a
single document store.
Document storage rolled
up with a single value,
98.2, I believe.
Yes.
Here, you can drill down in one of those
applications and see the documents,
and you can manage them on
the device by deleting them.
New for iTunes Connect,
we have a new Manage
Display Sets interface.
Under Manage Applications,
you go to the iCloud section
and click Manage Display Sets.
Here you'll see the display
sets you've already set up.
I have Touch Fighter, Calm,
Cyber Interactive.
Sorry, I have Touch Fighter,
the reference name, and Calm,
Cyber Interactive,
Touch Fighter as the display set ID.
Again, remember this must match the
value that's supplied in the
NS Ubiquitous display set.
Here, I'm setting up a new one,
reference name and display set ID.
And I'm allowed to localize in the
languages that we localize the App Store.
In this example,
I have a reference name of Touch Fighter,
again, the display set.
And I have two apps that are attached,
Touch Fighter 2 and Touch Fighter 3.
The presence of these two apps allows
them to write to a single document store.
And with that,
I'd like to bring up Paul Turner,
Engineering Manager, iTunes Store,
Content Operations,
who's going to walk you
through the new iCloud
Storage controls in iTunes Connect.
Paul.
Thanks, Ricardo.
Morning everyone.
How you guys doing?
Is the coffee kicking in and everything?
All right.
I actually developed the logistics
team that manages the digital
distribution of all Apple's own apps.
And we have a lot of apps,
so we actually use the same
tools that you guys do.
We are huge fans of iTunes
Connect and Application Loader.
So we're not only engineers,
we're also the users.
I just want to let you guys know,
it's an incredible and delicate ballet
to produce these tools and services
that are ever evolving and available
around the world 24 hours a day,
seven days a week.
And it's actually done out of love.
I know.
We love our Macs, we love our devices,
we love the OS, we love our applications,
and we love the applications and
content and peripherals that you guys
create to complete the experience.
It's pretty awesome.
So I just, I'll get sappy for a second.
I wanna speak for everyone
when I say thank you guys
for doing what you guys love,
'cause it enables us to do what we love.
So thank you guys.
All right, enough of the sappy.
I'll do some display sets here.
From our Manage Our Applications page,
we're going to go down here
to Manage Display Sets.
All right, you see we have a couple
display sets already set up.
We have Fighter and Thunder Runner.
All right, we're going to create
a new one right now.
Add in a reference name here.
This is a name only for you.
It will not be shown to your users.
Now, this display set ID.
Okay,
you gotta remember that this display set
ID must match the NS ubiquitous display
set key that's located in your P list.
So let's go over to
our touch fighter here.
Add that key in.
Just get it out of the way.
Okay, you can't save a display set
without adding a language first,
a localization.
Let's add a language.
Simple.
Let's add another one.
Let's do French.
We'll hit save.
All right, you can see our display
set's been set up.
Let's take a look, inspect that.
All right,
so our display set's been set up,
and it's waiting to have applications
that are uploaded that reference that
display set ID in its Info.plist.
I could probably make my
French here a little bit nicer.
So you can just click on
it and edit it right there.
Check out a display set that actually
already has applications attached to it.
Let's go ahead and take
a look at our Finder.
You see here in Fighter,
we have Touch Fighter 2 for
Mac and Touch Fighter 2 for the
iOS attached to this display set.
I love the display set feature.
It's just one of those little icing on
the cake features that creates a really
clean cloud experience for the user.
And I really love that we're
doing these little things.
All right, we click Done.
I just want to let you guys know
and show you one little feature
that's over in your portal.
Let's go to the dev center here.
OK, you go over here to the
provisioning portal.
And we'll go to our app IDs.
I just want to show you guys,
when you're setting up your
applications in the developer portal,
there's a new flag that you set,
Enable for iCloud.
Click that off,
and you click Done right there.
Okay, back to our display sets.
If I'm no longer using
a display set anymore,
I can delete it very easily right here.
You cannot delete a display set
if there are approved versions of
your applications that reference
that key in their Info.plist.
And that's all.
That's display set.
It's pretty easy.
Aloke's team did a great job.
Thank you guys very much.
I'm going to bring back Ricardo.
Enjoy the bash tonight.
Thank you, Paul.
One thing to note,
the controls you just saw on iTunes
Connect will be available in the
impending months as we near iOS 5 GM.
Let's talk about Newsstand.
Newsstand is new.
for iOS 5, and was also announced
on Monday at the keynote.
There's a new area in the
App Store specifically designed for
our subscriptions and publications.
It's based on a collection of
classes called the Newsstand Kit,
and it enables dynamic delivery of
your asset covers and issue content.
Delivery of that content is backed
by a new push notification model.
Upon receiving the push,
the app communicates in the
background to developer servers
to download the content.
This is important,
as it allows your app to be ready with
the new content upon launch of the
new publication or periodical that
you want to deliver to the customer.
An ongoing issue cover
content is delivered from the
publisher service as well.
You supply the default issue
cover art in iTunes Connect.
Here's what Newsstand looks like.
The top right there,
you can see a little store button
that'll take you into the store.
You can browse for more
publications or newspapers.
In terms of setup and configuration,
there are two new Info.plist keys.
There's UI Newsstand App, a Boolean,
and UI Newsstand Icon,
which defines the look and
feel of your binary artwork.
I'm going to go into
a very quick example,
but if you want to dive a little
bit deeper into Newsstand,
there's a presentation right
after this in Russian Hill,
I believe, building Newsstand apps.
Here, you see an Info.plist that
has CFBundle icon files,
a new entry, a new key for Newsstand.
Underneath it, the UI Newsstand icon,
where I have a single News 1 X PNG,
and I've chosen a type
of newspaper and an edge,
a bottom,
to allow my cover art to be displayed
like a newspaper in Newsstand.
So when my new cover art is
fetched from the servers,
I go to Newsstand, I go to load it,
not only do I have the latest
cover art for the issue,
say June 2011, but I also have it
looking like a newspaper.
There's going to be an optional
developer supplied RSS feed that
we will support for dynamically
updating issue metadata and artwork,
as well as a set of iTunes
Connect controls to see current
and past issues that you're
delivering to your customers.
Both the RSS feed and
iTunes Connect controls
are coming later this fall.
And now, to talk about some app best
practices and common pitfalls,
I'll bring Max up to stage.
Thank you.
All right, thank you, Ricardo.
Now, I'd like to do is just kind
of walk you through some best
practices and common pitfalls.
These are all issues that
applications are running into,
literally some of them hundreds of times
per week as part of the app review flow.
Hopefully, a little bit of an ounce
of prevention here.
The first is functionality.
As part of the app review process,
we're looking at the
description of your application,
how you are marketing your
application to customers,
and we're ensuring that the
functionality that you're advertising
actually matches the functionality
of your application binary.
If it doesn't,
we're going to ask you to correct that.
Next up is metadata.
Here, we're looking at all the
metadata that you provide,
and we're looking to see if
you've provided any that would
be considered inappropriate.
For instance,
putting testing 123 or coming soon
in your description is not going
to be allowed onto the App Store.
Next up is crashing.
Believe it or not,
one of the top reasons an application
does not make it through the app
review process right now is because
it crashes either on launch or it
crashes during the review process.
So please, please make sure that you've
thoroughly tested your applications
before you submit them for review.
Next up would be
considered beta or trial.
Beta or trial applications are
not allowed within the App Store.
Next is what we'd call an ad
hoc distributed application.
This would be a limited
utility application.
For instance,
if I were to write an application that
only controlled the lighting of my house,
while interesting to myself,
it's probably not interesting
to a broader audience.
Next is the icon mismatch.
In iTunes Connect,
we ask you to provide a large
512 by 512 version of your icon.
And when you've submitted
your binary to us,
we then extract the smaller
icons from your binary bundle.
Now,
in different places within the store,
we'll be using the large artwork,
and in other places,
we'll be using the small artwork.
We always want to make sure we
have a consistent user experience
when flowing from page to page.
So we want to make sure that
your icons look very similar.
Next up is name inconsistency.
When you set up your
application in iTunes Connect,
you'll be providing a name.
And when you upload your binary,
we're going to be comparing the name of
your binary to the name of the store.
If you set up the application in
iTunes Connect and called it Bananas,
and yet when you uploaded
your application,
the name of your application when
installed on a device is called Apples,
that's going to be a problem.
We're going to ask you
to correct one of them.
Next up will be advertising.
This is where an application is
literally providing no value,
but just being used for marketing
or advertising purposes.
Next is cell bandwidth.
If you're using any of the
HTTP live streaming APIs,
you want to make sure that you're
correctly accounting for how to
handle them on a cellular network.
There's guidelines out there,
and you want to make sure that
you've tested those guidelines.
Next is what we refer to
as the iPod Touch issue.
This is where if you're using
features like video cameras or
cellular functions within the OS,
You need to make sure that you're
correctly handling the case where you're
disabling it or prompting the user
to disable these different functions.
If you don't want the application
to get onto those devices,
there's something called
device capabilities,
where you can actually say
that your application requires
one of these capabilities.
And then your application will not
actually be able to be installed
on any device that doesn't
support those capabilities.
Next up is the Apple Trademark.
If you're using the Apple Trademark,
you want to make sure that
you're abiding by the guidelines
for using that trademark.
For Lion developers,
one of the guidelines that we're pointing
out for Lion is the app signature.
For the newer functionality that we're
adding in terms of push notification,
as well as in-app purchasing,
requires a valid signature
of your application.
If you're doing anything on the first
launch of your application that might
break the signature if you're starting to
put stuff in your application bundle that
wasn't referenced within the resource,
there will break your
application signature,
at which point your app will stop
receiving push notifications and will no
longer be able to make in-app purchases.
Next up for iCloud Storage.
iCloud Storage is for
user-generated content.
You should not be putting
anything that you download to
cache locally on the device.
For instance,
if you're downloading a bunch
of maps or other what might be
deemed reference data that could
be redownloaded at a later point,
we're going to ask you not to store any
of those files within the iCloud Storage.
Next is Lion testing.
For this,
the Mac App Review team is switching to
reviewing all applications under Lion.
So for new applications being submitted,
or for updates to existing
applications that are being submitted,
you want to make sure that
you have thoroughly tested
that application under Lion.
Next would be app
consolidation or app spamming.
This is where you'll be submitting
large numbers of applications where
all you're doing is basically modifying
the content of that application.
This is a great use
for in-app purchasing.
So when this happens,
what we'll be doing is we'll be
taking all those applications,
handing them back to you,
and asking you to consolidate them to
a single application and use in-app
to unlock that different content.
And finally,
it bears repeating one last time that
crashing really is one of the top
reasons that an application does not
make it through the app review process.
So please, please,
please make sure you've thoroughly tested
your applications before submitting them.
So in summary,
you want to make sure that you're getting
ready for the new iOS and Lion features,
namely in-app purchases for Lion.
Newsstand is coming for iOS 5.
iCloud Storage is coming for iOS 5,
as well as Lion.
Binary submissions for Lion are
going to be coming soon.
Watch for the announcements.
And we'll be taking iOS 5
submissions later on this fall.
For more information, Bill Dudney is the
Application Frameworks Evangelist.
Additional documentation, the iTunes
Connect Developer User Guide covers
everything that we've
covered today in far more detail.
For videos of past presentations,
you can view developer.apple.com/videos.
And again,
we always welcome your feedback
on the Apple Developer Forums.
Those are related sessions.
This morning,
there was an in-app purchases
for iOS and Mac OS X,
iCloud Storage Overview,
and storing documents
in iCloud using iOS 5.
If you missed any of these sessions,
you can look for them after the
conference ends on the website.